V + Internet + Mobile
Get in the game for less
Save $150/year over YouTube TV on our new ultimate entertainment experience.

• Fast, reliable 300 Mbps internet: perfect for streaming
• Sports & News TV: 50+ must-see local and national channels, plus Peacock Premium at no extra cost ($7.99/mo value)
• Includes an Unlimited line of Xfinity Mobile for 1 year with your Internet plan
$100/mo for
1 year
Build your plan
Pricing & other info
Ends 3/23. Includes $10/mo automatic payments and paperless billing discount with a stored bank account. Equip., taxes and fees extra, and subj. to change. Xfinity Mobile req's Xfinity Int. Reduced speeds after 30GB of usage/line. Data thresholds and savings may vary. Savings claim compares Xfinity Sports & News TV ($70/mo) to YouTube TV ($82.99/mo).
A lineup worth watching
View all channels
Save over the competition
Feature Description
New Xfinity Sports & News TV
YouTube Standard
Hulu Live + Hulu with Ads
Monthly price
$70/mo
$82.99/mo
$82.99/mo
Peacock Premium (a 7.99/mo value) included at no extra cost



300 hours of premium DVR service included



Stream live or download from your favorite devices including your TV, laptop, phone and tablet



The ultimate viewing experience

For Premier League
and beyond
Watch Premier League soccer, exclusive WWE live events, select Big Ten basketball games, hit movies, and more. Stream what you love on Peacock – included with new Xfinity Sport & News TV.
Catch it all with Multiview
Watch multiple live events on one screen — no channel switching needed.
Watch your way
Stream on multiple devices, use the Xfinity Voice Remote for quick access to your favorites - you’re in charge of how you watch.
Stay in the know with local channels and live news

Never miss a matchup with 300 hours of Premium DVR
Multiview requires an Xfinity 4k-compatible TV box. Viewing based on video subscription. Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of Major League Baseball Properties, Inc. © 2025 Major League Baseball Properties, Inc. NFL and the NFL shield design are registered trademarks of the National Football League. The team names, logos and uniform designs are registered trademarks of the teams indicated. All other NFL-related trademarks are trademarks of the National Football League. © 2025 NFL Enterprises LLC.
Exclusively for Xfinity TV customers
Xfinity Sports Zone
Your teams, in real time
From pre-game shootaround to post-game interviews, Sports Zone delivers live stats, news, and scores for all the teams you love.
Learn more about Xfinity TV

Xfinity Odds Zone
Live games, live odds
Get live odds and props from the top sportsbooks, all from your TV with Xfinity Odds Zone. Just say “View Odds” into your Voice Remote.
Learn more about Xfinity TV

Choose how to watch

TV

Phone or tablet

Computer
Watch on your TV

Xfinity Stream app
Download the Xfinity Stream app on your smart TV to start watching

Connect your X1 set-top box
After installing your Gateway, connect your primary TV Box using the Getting Started guide to activate service.
Shop
Download Xfinity Stream
Xfinity Stream is available to customers with postpaid internet and/or video services. Not all programming available in all areas and is subject to change. Standard data charges apply to app download and usage. © 2025 Comcast. All rights reserved. All other copyrights and trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Sports add ons
Get your MLB on
Enjoy baseball all season long, from trade news and home openers through playoffs, right on your TV.
Learn about MLB on Xfinity

Every match and must-see moment
When you get MLS Season Pass with Xfinity, you can keep up with every kick from the best seat in the house — yours.
Build your plan

Save on streaming, too? Score.
The perfect companion to new Xfnity Sports & News TV, add StreamsaverTM with Netflix and Apple TV+ to catch more of your favorite entertainment.
$15/mo
Build your plan
Pricing & other info
Restrictions apply. Xfinity Internet or TV req’d. Taxes extra. Pricing subj. to change. Management of existing subscriptions may be required to avoid multiple active subscriptions and corresponding charges.