https://www.xfinity.com/learn/home-phone-services/equipment

Main Content
EQUIPMENT

Everything you need to always stay in touch

Xfinity Voice equipment is your key to reliable home phone with amazing call clarity, and it all starts with our all-in-one Wireless Gateway.

Rent an Xfinity Wireless Gateway
Rent yours for only $15 a month (plus taxes and fees). It gives you clear calls and doubles as a WiFi router for Xfinity Internet.

Purchase your own modem
Prefer to buy your own? Check out our list of compatible modems that work with Xfinity Voice.
View Compatible Modems
WIRELESS GATEWAY

Your all-in-one device

Unlike traditional home phones, Xfinity Voice operates over a connection using Internet protocol technology to give you amazing call clarity and other great features. That means it requires a voice modem to work. Our Wireless Gateway is a voice modem and WiFi router in one, connecting you to Xfinity Voice and providing fast Xfinity Internet throughout your home.

WIFI/INTERNET
SECURITY/SUPPORT
INTERNET FEATURES
Self-Installation
No technician needed! It’s quick and easy to install your Wireless Gateway. Then, you’ll be talking to friends and family in no time.
Professional Installation
Prefer not to DIY? We offer convenient, two-hour appointment windows, seven days a week, day or night. Installation charges apply.
BATTERY BACKUP CASE
The Xfinity Voice Back-up Battery Case can hold six 6-volt lantern batteries (sold separately) used to keep your phone service available for up to 24 hours during power outages. Add at checkout for a one-time fee when you rent a Wireless Gateway and it will be provided with your installation.
Explore Battery Backup Benefits
Already with Xfinity?
Manage your services and discover new ways to stay connected, protected, and entertained.
Sign in
I'm new to Xfinity
SHOP XFINITY
View all offers
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences