https://www.xfinity.com/learn/home-phone-services/voice-unlimited-features

Main Content
VOICE PREMIER FEATURES

Stay connected, everywhere

Get more features for less with Xfinity Voice. That includes international calling so you can talk as much as you want to friends and family in Canada, China, India, Mexico, and more.

Xfinity Connect Web Portal
Manage your call settings and check email and voicemail online anytime through the Xfinity Connect web portal.
Caller ID on Your TV
Pair Xfinity Voice with X1 and get on-screen Caller ID alerts and manage your voicemail right on your TV.
Get Call Blocking Technology
Identify and stop unwanted calls with our new spam blocker, so you only talk to the people that matter the most.
XFINITY CONNECT

Check home voicemail from anywhere

Need to know if the doctor called, but you’re across town or out of the country? Now you can listen to or read your voicemail on all your smart devices, even online with your computer without roaming or using your data plan.*
VOICE + TV

Add TV and unlock enhanced features

Connect your home phone and TV in ways you never thought possible when you bundle your Voice plan with Xfinity X1 — the simplest, fastest, most complete way to access all your entertainment, on all your screens.

 

Get Caller ID alerts on your TV screen
Play, read, or delete voicemail on your TV 
XFINITY VOICE PREMIER

Connect your home to the world

Xfinity Voice Premier gives you unlimited international calling to Canada, Mexico, Latin America, China, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Singapore, Puerto Rico, and more. We’ve got you covered.
See what's included
Features, customized for you

Xfinity Voice gives you options and calling features you want, at a price you'll love.

See All Calling Features
New number or transfer
Choose to get a new home phone number or see if you can transfer an existing one.
Enhanced 911 
If you ever have to call 911, we'll automatically send your number and location to the operator.
Already with Xfinity?
Manage your services and discover new ways to stay connected, protected, and entertained.
Sign in
I'm new to Xfinity
SHOP XFINITY
View all offers
Xfinity Voice Premier: Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas. Limited to residential customers. Plan applies to direct-dialed calls from your Xfinity telephone number to locations in the U.S. and more than 90 countries and destinations worldwide ("Coverage Area"). Separate long distance carrier connections and dial around calling to international destinations not available. Equipment, installation, taxes, fees, and other applicable charges including Universal Service Fee extra and subject to change. Pricing subject to change. Xfinity gateway or compatible modem required. Caller ID on TV requires Xfinity X1. Service (including 911/emergency services) may not function after an extended power outage. Additional per-minute charges may apply for calls made to international wireless numbers in some locations within the Coverage Area and for calls made to international wireless or wireline numbers in locations outside the Coverage Area. Please refer to the international calling rates for more specific information on applicable per-minute charges, available at https://www.xfinity.com/international-voice/rates. Plan rate does not include international operator services, directory assistance, or fees assessed by foreign telecommunications companies for calls placed to wireless phones, pagers, personal computers, and personal digital assistants. Xfinity Voice Premier Service is subject to Comcast standard terms and conditions. Countries and service subject to change.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences