https://www.xfinity.com/learn/home-phone-services

Main Content
Where do you live? Enter your address for the best offers
Street address and apartment
Find My Plan
Already a customer? Sign in

Xfinity Voice
An affordable way to stay connected to your loved ones
Enjoy a crystal clear connection with Xfinity's digital home phone service.

Shop now

 

 

 

Talk as much as you want to nearly half the world

Stay connected across the country with unlimited nationwide and international calling. With Xfinity Voice Premier you can chat with friends and family in 90+ countries for $40/mo.

Shop Xfinity Voice Premier
See international coverage area
Transfer your number

Move your current number to a different address or get a new one.

Block spam calls
Get call blocking technology to help you block unwanted spam calls.

Stay protected

Have your phone number and address sent to emergency dispatchers as soon as you dial 911.

Looking for business service?

Comcast Business helps keep you ready for what’s next with speeds up to 10 Gigs, advanced cybersecurity, and backup 4G LTE connectivity. Plus:

No data caps

24/7 customer service

30-day money-back guarantee

Visit Comcast Business
Easily manage your home phone from anywhere

Readable Voicemail
Get a transcript of your latest voicemails sent to your email.

Advanced call forwarding
Away for the weekend? Transfer all your incoming calls to your cell phone.

Three-way calling
Get two other people on the line for one convenient call.

Xfinity Connect
Access and manage your service from anywhere with the Xfinity Connect web portal.



Powered by Xfinity Internet.



Rent our xFi Gateway or use your own modem and router.

 

If you plan on using your own equipment, make sure your modem and router are voice-compatible. View compatible devices



Experience the xFi Gateway
Get a backup battery for your home phone

In the event of a power outage or emergency, a backup battery can keep your home phone operational for up to 24 hours.

Learn about backup batteries
Xfinity Internet
Get the speed you need at a price that you'll love

Choose from a range of fast, reliable speeds to fit your needs.

Start with Internet
All you can stream
Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity


Get all the top streaming apps, including Netflix, Disney+, and Xfinity Stream to watch the shows, news, and sports you love.

Get Xumo Stream Box
Xfinity Internet required. Separate subscriptions may be required to access certain streaming services.

Our services work even better together

Internet

TV & Streaming

Mobile

Home Security

Xfinity Voice Premier: Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas. Limited to residential customers. Plan applies to direct-dialed calls from your Xfinity telephone number to locations in the U.S. and more than 90 countries and destinations worldwide ("Coverage Area"). Separate long distance carrier connections and dial around calling to international destinations not available. Equipment, installation, taxes, fees, and other applicable charges including Universal Service Fee extra and subject to change. Pricing subject to change. Xfinity gateway or compatible modem required. Caller ID on TV requires Xfinity X1. Service (including 911/emergency services) may not function after an extended power outage. Additional per-minute charges may apply for calls made to international wireless numbers in some locations within the Coverage Area and for calls made to international wireless or wireline numbers in locations outside the Coverage Area. Please refer to the international calling rates for more specific information on applicable per-minute charges, available at https://www.xfinity.com/international-voice/rates. Plan rate does not include international operator services, directory assistance, or fees assessed by foreign telecommunications companies for calls placed to wireless phones, pagers, personal computers, and personal digital assistants. Xfinity Voice Premier Service is subject to Comcast standard terms and conditions. Countries and service subject to change.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences