https://www.xfinity.com/now/internet

Skip to Main Content
Sign in
Main Content
NOW INTERNET

Live online for less. Starting at $30/mo.

One monthly price with taxes and fees included. No annual contracts. Just great internet with a consistent connection — backed by the Xfinity network.

WiFi equipment included
Unlimited data included
Set up and self-install in minutes
Flexibility to pause and resume your service
Need temporary internet access? Try NOW WiFi pass for millions of WiFi hotspots on the go. Cancel anytime. Learn more


NOW TV & STREAMING




Save on streaming. Enjoy live TV.

Sports. Reality. Must-see movies. Whatever you're into, you'll find it when you add TV and streaming to your NOW Internet. Save 40% on streaming subscriptions.

Shop NOW TV & Streaming
Pricing & other info
Cool. Calm.
Connected.
Better tech. Better than 5G home internet.

5G home internet

Fast, consistent speed — even at peak hours

Low lag for smoother connections

Reliable wired connection backed by the Xfinity network

PREPAID MOBILE
Simple. Easy.
Flexible.

No commitments. No credit checks. Exclusively for Xfinity or NOW Internet customers.

Learn about NOW Mobile
FAQ
NOW Internet is a new prepaid high-speed home internet option backed by the reliable Xfinity network to give you a consistent connection at a great value. It’s perfect for those looking for a straightforward, prepaid internet option with no credit checks or long-term agreements. With NOW Internet, you get unlimited data and WiFi equipment that you don’t have to worry about returning. You can activate your service in minutes on the Xfinity app. 

NOW Internet is also great for seasonal needs — like at the beach house or a rental property. Just turn off autopay, and your internet service and payments will pause until you turn it back on.

For faster home internet speeds from 300 Mbps to 10 gigs, you can explore Xfinity Internet and other services like home security, entertainment, and home phones.
Choose from two internet speeds: 100 Mbps for $30/month or 200 Mbps for $45/month. 100 Mbps is perfect for everyday use like downloading music and browsing social media. Get 200 Mbps for smoother streaming. Actual speeds vary and are not guaranteed. For factors affecting speed, visit xfinity.com/networkmanagement.
You can instantly upgrade from 100 Mbps to 200 Mbps from the internet “Plans” page of your NOW account. And you can always upgrade to an Xfinity high-speed internet plan available in your area.
NOW Internet speeds are fast enough for most home use, including streaming, gaming, and video calling on multiple devices at the same time.

NOW Internet is delivered to your home on a wired connection. Unlike 5G home internet, NOW Internet provides consistent speeds with lower latency that don't vary based on capacity or time of day.
Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas. Limited to NOW Internet service, speeds up to 200 Mbps/10 Mbps. Actual speeds vary and are not guaranteed. For factors affecting speed, visit xfinity.com/networkmanagement. Requires self-installation and activation of refurbished gateway. Payments must be made online only via credit, debit, or prepaid card. Autopay and paperless billing required. Pricing subject to change. Service limited to a single outlet and subject to Xfinity Residential Services Agreement (xfinity.com/policies). Xfinity 30-day money-back guarantee does not apply to service. Warranty/return information for NOW Internet equipment available at xfinity.com/support/articles/now-internet-faqs. NOW is a trademark of Comcast. © 2025 Comcast.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Services
Discover Xfinity
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV & Streaming
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices