https://www.xfinity.com/learn/internet-service/stormready

Skip to Main Content
Sign In
Main Content
STORM-READY WIFI
Up and running, even when the power's down
Stay online during outages with unlimited cellular data and a Battery Backup. Buy Storm-Ready WiFi for $7/mo for 36 mos.
Shop internet first
Pricing & other info
Xfinity Internet required. Restrictions apply. Only available in areas within range of applicable 4G LTE cellular signal. See pricing & other info for details.
Xfinity is the first internet provider in the U.S. to keep your WiFi connected during outages with a cellular backup network
Set up in minutes and get real-time outage updates on the Xfinity app
Automatically switches to a 4G LTE backup cellular network during outages
Helps extend WiFi and reduce deadspots even when you’re not in an outage


Battery Backup for peace of mind
Keep streaming during outages — Storm-Ready WiFi includes up to 4 hours of power from your rechargeable Battery Backup. All you need is a compatible Xfinity Gateway + Xfinity Internet to get started.
Shop Storm-Ready WiFi



Frequently Asked Questions

What is Storm-Ready WiFi?

Storm-Ready WiFi from Xfinity includes a Storm-Ready device and battery backup to help keep your home online for up to 4 hours through network and power outages with unlimited cellular data on a 4G LTE cellular network.

What is included in the box with Storm-Ready WiFi?

Storm-Ready Device

2 Ethernet ports
Weight: 2 lbs
Dimensions: 110 mm x 110 mm x 160 mm
WiFi 6 WiFi Extender

Xfinity Battery Backup

Rechargeable
4 hour battery life
Weight: 475 grams
Dimensions: 98.5 mm x 41.25 mm x 110.25 mm

 

What do I need to get Storm-Ready WiFi?

All you need is Xfinity Internet and a compatible Xfinity Gateway (an internet modem and WiFi router in one). Learn more about compatible Xfinity Gateways

How does the cellular backup work?

During a network or power outage, the Xfinity Storm-Ready device automatically switches to a backup 4G LTE cellular network to keep your home online. It’s only available in areas within range of applicable 4G LTE cellular signal, and when activated, internet speeds will be reduced to speeds up to 30 Mbps download/7 Mbps upload. Coverage works within Xfinity Mobile service areas with no additional requirements. Check your Xfinity Mobile network coverage

How might network performance vary for my device during periods of high network usage?

During times of high network usage, you might experience changes in your device's performance, such as slower data speeds or delays in data-intensive tasks. These adjustments are designed to manage network load and should improve as the network conditions stabilize.
Our services work even better together

Internet

TV & Streaming

Mobile

Home Security

About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences