https://www.xfinity.com/nowtv

Skip to Main Content
Internet
Mobile
TV & Streaming
Home Solutions
Home Phone
Build Your Plan
Rewards
Comcast Business



Sign In
Main Content
Shopping from LANSDOWNE 19050Change


Live sports, movies & shows. No fees. No annual contracts.
Stream 125+ live TV and On Demand channels plus Peacock Premium at no extra cost.
$20/mo
Shop
Taxes extra. Pricing subj. to change. Management of any existing Peacock subscription (currently, a $7.99/mo value) may be required to avoid multiple subscriptions and corresponding charges.
3 simple steps to get NOW TV
1
Choose an Xfinity Internet plan
2
Add a NOW TV entertainment package
3
Download the Xfinity Stream app on your favorite device
125+ live and On Demand channels
Watch blockbuster movies, original series, and more favorites on the Xfinity Stream app.

Stream whatever you’re in the mood for
Movies, hit series, LIVE sports, and so much more. Peacock Premium with ads included at no extra cost (currently $7.99/mo value).

20 hours of cloud DVR
Schedule recordings in advance, record up to two shows at once, and watch from anywhere on the Xfinity Stream app.

Xumo Stream Box
Just plug in and watch
Add one TV box to your plan at no extra cost. We’ll also waive the one-time $15 activation fee.
Watch on 3 devices at once

Watch NOW TV through the Xfinity Stream app and enjoy streaming on up to 3 devices at the same time.

Get NOW TV
How to start watching NOW TV
•  Download the Xfinity Stream app and watch on a compatible device.

 

•  Bring your experience to life on your TV with the Xumo Stream box or cast with Apple Airplay or Google Chromecast.

 

•  Activate your Peacock subscription when you sign into your Xfinity account online.

 

•  Watch Peacock on any major device

 

Watch the video
FAQ
What devices can I use to watch NOW TV?
Watch NOW TV through the Xfinity Stream app and enjoy on up to three devices at the same time.

 

Desktop: macOS, Windows PC

 

Mobile: Amazon Fire tablets, Android phones and tablets, iPhone & iPad

 

TV: Amazon Fire TV, Roku, Xfinity Flex, Xumo Stream Box, Xumo TV, Chromecast, AirPlay

How does the Xfinity Stream app work?
The Xfinity Stream app lets you access NOW TV and all the entertainment you love — at home and on the go. Watch Xfinity Stream on Xumo Stream Box, or install it on a compatible device. Learn more or download it now for Apple or Android.

StreamSaver™
Save 40% on your favorite streaming services for $15/mo
Get Netflix, Peacock, and Apple TV+ when you add StreamSaver.
Build your plan
Pricing & other info

NOW StreamSaver™
Four ways to stream, with 125+ live channels for $30/mo
Add NOW StreamSaver to get NOW TV, Netflix, Peacock, and Apple TV+.
Build your plan
Pricing & other info

NOW TV Latino
Spanish-language TV for $10/mo
100+ live channels, including over 30 channels in Spanish. Plus Peacock Premium with ads.
Explore NOW TV Latino
Pricing & other info

StreamSaver and NOW StreamSaver: Restrictions apply. Xfinity Internet req'd. Taxes extra. Pricing subj. to change.
NOW TV Latino: Peacock Premium with ads included at no extra cost. Currently $7.99/mo value.
NOW TV is an Internet delivered service that requires Xfinity Internet and will count against any Xfinity data plan, if applicable. It does not require a TV box.
Peacock offer (currently $7.99/mo. value) valid for so long as you subscribe to NOW TV. Activation of a Peacock account is required for new subscribers. Eligible users who already have a paid Peacock subscription must cancel their existing subscription prior to redeeming this offer. For instructions on canceling your existing subscription, see https://www.peacocktv.com/help/article/cancellation.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences
Live chat
Chat available, press ALT plus 1 to open

