https://www.xfinity.com/learn/digital-cable-tv/x1

Where do you live? Enter your address for the best offers
Street address and apartment
123 Main St, Apt J, Pleasantville, MA 01040

Find My Plan
Already a customer? Sign in
Xfinity TV
The ultimate football experience
Don’t fumble this football season — catch every pass with live TV, streaming, stats, and odds all in one place.
See Xfinity TV in action

Xfinity Odds Zone
Live games, live odds

The best seat in the house just got better with live odds, betting lines, and props from the top sportsbooks, all from your TV with Xfinity Odds Zone. Just say “View Odds” into your Voice Remote. 

If you want it, X1’s got it

Get our most complete, full-spectrum TV experience. And easily search across everything instantly with our award-winning Voice Remote.

100s of channels, DVR, 4K Ultra HD
Most free shows & movies On Demand
Streaming apps & music in one place
Turn any screen into a TV with the Xfinity Stream app
 

Streaming content limited to the U.S.

Must-have TV channels included in every package

Watch live sports, hit shows, news, and more — in our Popular TV package and above.
See channel lineup
Get our best features, for everyone
football player and stats
Sports fans
Personalized for the teams you love, Sports Zone is a must-have for die-hards. Reminders. Stats. Suggestions. And much more.
X1 accessibility options
Everyone
Voice commands, TV guide, and Voice Guidance in English and Spanish. Plus enhanced closed captioning.
X1 Page Halfimage 4
DVR anything, anytime

On your TV and on the Xfinity Stream app. Just add DVR service at checkout.

Record up to 5 shows while watching another

Never run out of space with 500 GB of storage

Schedule and watch recordings on the go, download to enjoy offline


Make X1 your own

Customize your plan, your way. With premium channels, sports packages, ad-free subscription On Demand, and international programming.
Explore All Add-On Channels
Our services work even better together
Xfinity equipment
Internet
Learn More
mobile phone
Mobile
Learn More
xfinity camera
Home Security
Learn More
home phone
Home Phone
Learn More
Access to Peacock, Netflix, YouTube, Hulu, Spotify, ESPN Deportes, ESPN3, Pandora, iHeartRadio and Prime Video on Xfinity X1 requires an eligible set-top box with Xfinity TV and Internet service. Subscriptions required to access Peacock, Netflix, Hulu, Spotify, Pandora, Amazon Prime Video, and Disney+. Peacock Premium is $7.99/month. Viewing will count against any Xfinity data plan. Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas.
© 2025 Comcast. All rights reserved. Individual programs and marks are the property of their respective owners. (All Disney+ content © 2025 Disney and its related entities). © 2025 & TM Lucasfilm. Ltd

STARZ and related channels and service marks are the property of STARZ Entertainment, LLC. Visit starz.com for airdates/times.