https://www.xfinity.com/learn/xumostreambox

All you can stream
Get 250+ of the top streaming apps in one place. You can watch the shows, news, and sports you love with the Xfinity Stream app and more, right on your Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity. Just plug it in to watch the TV you love — fast.
Xfinity Internet required. Separate subscriptions may be required to access certain streaming services.

Super simple streaming
The Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity works with any TV. Your shows play instantly, and voice search makes it easy to find what you want.

All your favorites in one place
No more endless searching across multiple apps — My List saves your favorite shows and movies in one convenient place.

Watch what you want, faster
With live TV playing at startup, the top apps pre-loaded, and our user-friendly channel guide, you can watch without waiting.
Add Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity
Looking for Flex?

Voice search across apps
Say it to play it
Say the name of a show into your voice remote and your Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity will find it.
All the top apps
Including Netflix, Disney+, and Max. Enjoy Xumo exclusives and original movies as well as 300+ free TV channels with the Xumo Play app. Plus, Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity lets you easily watch NOW TV using the Xfinity Stream app and Peacock Premium.
Xfinity Internet required. Separate subscriptions may be required to access certain streaming services.
Your home for streaming
Find what you’ve recently watched as well as recommendations for what you might like next — the Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity home screen has it all.
Xfinity Internet required. Separate subscriptions may be required to access certain streaming services.
Our services work even better together
With Xfinity, everything is connected at home and on the go.
XB8
Internet
Xfinity video streaming device with remote
TV & Streaming
Smart phone with Xfinity Mobile service
Mobile
Xfinity home security camera
Home
Home phone
Phone
 

Restrictions apply. Not available to current Xfinity TV customers. Requires post-paid subscription to Xfinity Internet, excluding Internet Essentials. Taxes, fees and other applicable charges extra, and subject to change. One-time $15 activation fee per account. Limited to 3 devices. Currently, one device included with monthly Xfinity Internet service. Additional devices $5/mo. Pricing is subject to change. Taxes, fees and other applicable charges extra, and subject to change. All devices must be returned when service ends. Separate charges apply to On Demand and certain streaming services. Viewing will count against any Comcast data plan.

Separate subscriptions required to access Peacock, Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, Spotify, STARZ®, Paramount+ with SHOWTIME®, Max™, and Disney+. Peacock Premium is $7.99/month. Access to Disney+, Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu and YouTube on Xfinity requires an eligible set-top box with Internet service. Disney+, Netflix streaming, and Amazon Prime Video membership required. Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, YouTube, and all other streaming services use your Internet service and will count against any Xfinity data plan. Programming subject to change. Streaming content limited to the U.S.

Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas. © 2025 Comcast. All rights reserved. Individual programs and marks are the property of their respective owners. (All Disney+ content © 2025 Disney and its related entities). © 2025 & TM Lucasfilm. Ltd

Standard data charges apply to app download and usage. © 2025 Comcast. All rights reserved. All other copyrights and trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.