https://www.xfinity.com/learn/mobile/byod

Skip to Main Content
Sign In
Main Content
Xfinity Mobile
Overview
Plans
Network
Bring Your Own Device
Mobile Deals
Offer ends 3/31/25
Bring your phone, get $100 back
Keep your phone, keep your number, and get $10 in monthly bill credits over 10 months when you add a line.
Check compatibility
Pricing & other info
Xfinity Internet required. Reduced speeds after 30GB of usage/line. Data thresholds and actual savings may vary.
Already have an Xfinity Mobile SIM card or eSIM-compatible device? Set up your phone
How to bring your own phone
Check your compatibility

See if your eSIM compatible device works on Xfinity Mobile’s network.

 

Need a physical SIM? We’ll mail it to you.

Check compatibility
Choose your data and activate

Activate your phone in a few minutes after choosing your data.

 

With a physical SIM card, activate your phone online after your SIM card arrives in the mail.

Activate now
Download the Xfinity app

Manage your services in one place.

 

Pay your bill, change your data options, get 24/7 real-time support, and more.

Download the app
Bringing your own phone?  It’s easier than ever with eSIM.
Now you can bring the phone you want to Xfinity Mobile if it’s eSIM-compatible. Don't have eSIM? Order a free SIM card and easily switch from home.
Set up your phone
What is eSIM?
More reasons to bring your own
Easy to switch
Switch and activate from anywhere in minutes
Keep your number
Never miss a call or text.
Only pay for your data option
Choose between Unlimited or shared By the Gig data.
Check compatibility
See how much you can save when you switch to Xfinity Mobile
Calculate your savings
Check out our latest phones
iPhone 16 Pro, from $41.66/mo
Buy now
For 24 months, 0% APR.
Full price: $999.99
Samsung Galaxy S25 Plus, from $41.66/mo
Buy now
For 24 months, 0% APR.
Full price: $999.99
Google Pixel 9 Pro XL, from $45.83/mo
Buy now
For 24 months, 0% APR.
Full price: $1099.99
Shop all phones
Shop current deals
Frequently asked questions
What is eSIM?

eSIM is an embedded version of a SIM card that’s already built into compatible devices. It allows you to activate your phone without a physical SIM card – no shipping necessary. Simply select to bring your own phone after choosing your data option, and check if your phone is eSIM compatible. Not compatible? No problem. We can send you a physical SIM card with free 2-day shipping, or you can pick one up at an Xfinity Store near you.

 

Learn more about eSIM

What’s an unlocked phone?
When a phone is unlocked, it means it can be used on different carriers. Many phones are locked to the carrier they were purchased from, but can usually be unlocked once the phone has been fully paid for. Check with your current carrier if you're unsure. Only unlocked phones can come to Xfinity Mobile.
Why are some devices compatible and others aren’t?
Different carriers use different network technology, and as a result, not all phones are made for all networks. So when a phone is made for use on one carrier, it may not be compatible with the technology used on another.
Which phones are compatible with Xfinity Mobile?
You can bring all iPhones*, starting with the iPhone 6 or later (including the iPhone SE), to Xfinity Mobile. Select Galaxy and Pixel phones are compatible, too. The only way to know for sure is to use our Compatibility Checker, but don't worry — we'll walk you through each step, and checking your phone doesn't mean you're signing up for Xfinity Mobile. *Select carriers
The Xfinity Mobile network is exclusively
available to Xfinity Internet customers
Build your plan
Comcast © 2025 All rights reserved. The Xfinity Mobile logo and New Network mark (“O”) are the trademarks of Comcast Corporation or its subsidiaries. WiFi not tested. Results may vary. Not an endorsement.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences