https://www.xfinity.com/learn/mobile/plan

Skip to Main Content
Sign In
Main Content

Shopping from PHILADELPHIA 19104Change

Xfinity Mobile
Overview
Plans
Network
Bring Your Own Device
Mobile Deals
Fast and reliable 5G
More lines, more ways to save
Xfinity Internet customers get access to the most reliable 5G network nationwide. From $20 per additional line.
Xfinity Mobile utilizes the network with the highevvst RootMetrics® 5G reliability rankings in 2H ‘24. WiFi not tested.

Unlimited

 

$20 per additional line

The data you’re looking for with access to enhanced WiFi on-the-go.

30 GB of premium data per line each month, then unlimited data at reduced speeds
Unlimited mobile hotspot data at 3G speeds
SD video streaming
Unlimited talk and text
Mexico & Canada Unlimited Pass included
Shop Unlimited

Unlimited Plus

 

$30 per additional line

Our best unlimited data option yet with more high-speed premium data.

50 GB of premium data per line each month, then unlimited data at reduced speeds
15 GB of 5G hotspot data, then unlimited hotspot data at 3G speeds
HD video streaming
Unlimited talk and text
Mexico & Canada Unlimited Pass included
Shop Unlimited Plus

By the Gig

 

$20 per gig with no charge per additional line

Share 1 GB of data across all By the Gig lines.

Premium data per Gig each month
Unlimited mobile hotspot data at 5G/4G speeds
HD video streaming
Unlimited talk and text
Mexico & Canada Call Pass available for $10/mo
Shop By the Gig
Tablet Unlimited
Get 15 GB of premium data, then unlimited data at reduced speeds, plus HD video streaming.
Shop Tablet Unlimited data
How about smartwatches?
Shop new or bring your own: smartwatches are paired to a compatible phone and an Xfinity Mobile line. Data used counts towards the paired phone’s data.
Shop smartwatches
Restrictions apply. Not available in all areas. Requires residential post-pay Xfinity Internet. Line limitations may apply. Pricing subject to change. Visit www.xfinity.com/mobile/policies/broadband-disclosures. During congestion, your data may be temporarily slower than other traffic. After monthly data threshold included with your data option, speeds reduced to a maximum of 1.5Mbps download/750 Kbps upload.
Savings calculator
See how you could save with Xfinity Mobile
Calculate your savings
What’s included?
5G Wideband, LTE coverage, and millions of WiFi locations nationwide

Rely on the nation’s best LTE network. Check your coverage




Access the 5G Ultra Wideband network on 5G-capable devices in 5G coverage areas.




Devices will automatically connect to Xfinity WiFi hotspots. Data used on hotspots doesn’t count towards your premium data.

No term contracts and fewer fees

There are no phone line access fees.




There’s only a one-time $25 line setup fee for all new lines added. This fee will appear on the first bill after device purchase.




When you bring your own phone, you can activate your eSIM-compatible device from home in minutes. Or, we’ll mail you a free SIM card.




Plus, no term contracts. Ever.

Xfinity Mobile support

Xfinity Mobile specialists are always available to help. Chat with Xfinity Assistant




You can also visit us at your nearest Xfinity Store. Find your Xfinity Store

WiFi calling

Use any WiFi network to make and receive calls on both iPhones and Android devices.




Plus, you can avoid international cellular charges when you call U.S. from abroad with WiFi calling.

Customize your plan
More ways to save
Use as much data as you want with Unlimited data and save more with multiline pricing when your account has two or more phone lines using any data option.
Get up to 10 lines
Xfinity Mobile allows up to 10 lines based on your eligibility, including phones, tablets, and smartwatches.
Mix and match data options
Choose Unlimited, Unlimited Plus, or By the Gig data shared across multiple lines — all on the same phone plan. With data designed for flexibility, every line can get as much data as they need and switch at any time.
Make adjustments whenever
You can switch any line between Unlimited, Unlimited Plus, and By the Gig at any time. Just sign in to My Account or your Xfinity app to make changes, no need to call.
Add-ons and more
Upgrades

Upgrades are available after 12 months on eligible devices or when 50% of your current device has been paid. Fees apply for upgrades.




If you’re enrolled in Xfinity Mobile Care, you may be eligible for early upgrades without fees.

Device protection

Don't risk it — Xfinity Mobile offers Xfinity Mobile Care, a device protection plan that keeps you covered in the event of accidental damage, loss, theft, and more.




Xfinity Mobile Care details

Active Xfinity Mobile lines required. Service fees and deductibles (as applicable) are based on the type of approved claim and device group. Taxes extra. See fastclaim.com/xfinitymobile for details.
International rates

Xfinity Mobile has international long distance calling as well as roaming service in over 200 countries so you can talk, text, and use data wherever you go.




See our global rates

Mexico & Canada Call Pass

For $10/mo per line, add Mexico and Canada Call Pass to each line of By the Gig to get unlimited calls to and from Mexico and Canada.




About Mexico & Canada Call Pass

Xfinity Mobile is exclusively for Xfinity Internet customers
Shop internet first
Comcast © 2025. All rights reserved. The Xfinity Mobile logo and New Network mark (“O”) are the trademarks of Comcast Corporation or its subsidiaries.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences