https://www.xfinity.com/learn/mobile/network-coverage

Skip to Main Content
Sign In
Main Content
Xfinity Mobile
Overview
Plans
Network
Bring Your Own Device
Mobile Deals
Powered by 5G
The best connection, at any moment
With up to gig-speed WiFi in millions of locations nationwide, plus America’s most reliable 5G network.
Check coverage
Shop mobile
Xfinity Internet required. Gig speed WiFi available via hotspots to Xfinity Mobile customers only. Actual WiFi speeds vary and not guaranteed. Not available in all areas. Many factors affect speed, including distance from hotspot, congestion, personal device capabilities, equipment performance, interference, and speeds of visited websites.  Xfinity Mobile utilizes the network with the highest RootMetrics® 5G reliability rankings in 1H ‘24. WiFi not tested. Results may vary. Not an endorsement.
The ultimate mobile network
Make the most of your devices, no matter where you are with 5G, 4G LTE, and up to gig-speed WiFi in millions of locations nationwide.
The most reliable nationwide 5G network
Whether you’re working from your phone or streaming on the go, be confident in your connection.
 Connect to WiFi speeds up to gig — automatically
 In millions of locations nationwide. Since most of your phone time is on WiFi, automatically connect and save on data.

More speed in busy areas
5G+ gives you a boost when you need it in crowded areas like airports and sporting arenas, at no extra cost. 

Gig speed WiFi available via hotspots to Xfinity Mobile customers only. Actual WiFi speeds vary and not guaranteed. Not available in all areas. Many factors affect speed, including distance from hotspot, congestion, personal device capabilities, equipment performance, interference, and speeds of visited websites.  Xfinity Mobile utilizes the network with the highest RootMetrics® 5G reliability rankings in 1H ‘24. WiFi not tested. Results may vary. Not an endorsement.

You’re covered
With 5G, 4G LTE and millions of WiFi locations nationwide.
Check coverage
Deals for you
Save on devices, accessories, and more.
Shop deals
Bring your phone
Keep the phone you know and love and only pay for your data option — choose between Unlimited or shared By the Gig data.
Check compatibility
Xfinity Mobile is exclusively for Xfinity Internet customers
Shop internet first
Comcast © 2025. All rights reserved. The Xfinity Mobile logo and New Network mark (“O”) are the trademarks of Comcast Corporation or its subsidiaries.
About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Sitemap
Rogers Xfinity Canada
Services
Chat with Xfinity Assistant
View and Pay Bill
Xfinity Stream
Discover Xfinity
Run Internet Speed Test
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences