https://www.xfinity.com/now/mobile

Skip to Main Content
Sign in
Main Content
Stack the savings: Switch to NOW Mobile and get a new 5G phone for $49.99. Plus, get a $100 prepaid card for every line you bring.
Shop NOW Mobile deals
Pricing & other info

PREPAID MOBILE



All the essentials

Get up to 5 lines for just $25/mo. each. Taxes and fees included. Exclusively for Xfinity Internet or NOW customers.

Includes unlimited talk, text, and data — plus access to 20 million Xfinity WiFi hotspots
No contract, no credit check
Pause and resume your service as you need to
Enjoy $275 in savings with a new 5G phone for only $49.99, $100 back, and no $25 line setup fee.
Unlimited

$25/mo
per line

Shop new phones
Bring my own phone
Pricing & other info
Read More
The best value in unlimited 5G prepaid mobile

Switch and save 50% over Metro by T-Mobile and 55% over Cricket Wireless.

Compares one line of NOW Mobile to one line of Flex Start from Metro by T-Mobile and one line of Cricket Wireless Unlimited.

Stack the savings.
Switch to NOW Mobile and get a new 5G phone for only $49.99.
Enjoy $275 in savings with a new 5G phone for only $49.99, $100 back, and no $25 line setup fee.
Shop NOW Mobile
Pricing & other info

NOW TV & STREAMING

Save on streaming. Enjoy live TV.

Sports. Reality. Must-see movies. Whatever you’re into, you’ll find it when you add TV and streaming to your NOW Internet. Save 40% on streaming subscriptions.

Shop NOW TV & Streaming
Pricing & other info
Just what
you want.
MEXICO AND CANADA UNLIMITED PASS
Boundless possibilities
Unlimited calls and texts to and from Mexico and Canada, plus international data roaming while in those countries.
Learn more about Mex/Can Unlimited Pass
PERSONAL HOTSPOT
Ready, set,
share
Personal hotspot with unlimited data to share with other devices.
Learn more about personal hotspot

TABLET OPTION




Simply add and connect

Unlimited data
Access to 20+ million Xfinity WiFi hotspots
Exclusively for Xfinity or NOW Internet customers


Tablet Unlimited

$25/mo
per line

Shop new tablets
Bring my own tablet
Pricing & other info
Read More
FAQ
NOW Mobile is a flexible, affordable, prepaid mobile service backed by the Xfinity network. It’s everything you’d want from a mobile phone plan: unlimited data, calls, and texts without credit checks or long-term agreements. Your service also comes with access to over 20 million Xfinity WiFi hotspots nationwide. And with available add-ons like Mexico & Canada Unlimited Pass and personal hotspot, you can get more from your plan every month. Have questions about your service? Get online support 24/7.

If you’re looking for more data options, you can shop Xfinity Mobile — plus get more deals and promotions on mobile devices.
As long as you subscribe to NOW Internet or Xfinity Internet, you have the option to add a prepaid mobile plan from NOW Mobile. There’s no credit check or annual contract. Just pay in advance and start using NOW Mobile in minutes when you bring your own phone. Or you can shop our selection of devices. You can turn off automatic payments at any time and enjoy service until the end of the month. You won’t be charged again until you resume your service.
You can use your own phone with NOW Mobile. Check its compatibility in minutes and start using it right away. Or shop devices from Apple, Google, and Samsung — and check out current device promotions. Want to connect a tablet? Shop for new ones or bring your own.

Restrictions apply. Xfinity post-paid or NOW Internet required. One-time line set up fee of $25 waived between 2/5/25 – 3/31/25. Intl. and roaming charges extra. Payments must be made online only via credit, debit, or prepaid card. Autopay and paperless billing required. Pricing subject to change. Reduced speeds after 20GB of usage/line. In times of congestion, your data may be temporarily slower than other traffic. NOW is a trademark of Comcast. ©2025 Comcast. 

Must pay in full or bring your own device for NOW Mobile. 

About Us
About Comcast
Comcast Business
Careers
Press Room
Corporate Site
Advertise with Us
Services
Discover Xfinity
Find Xfinity Stores
Move to a new Address
Service in my Area
NOW TV & Streaming
NOW WiFi Pass
NOW Internet
NOW Mobile
Policies
Customer Guarantee
Customer Agreements and Policies
Visitor Agreement
Xfinity Internet Broadband Disclosures
Privacy Center
Social Responsibility
English
Español
© 2025 Comcast
Web Terms Of Service
CA Notice at Collection
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Health Privacy Notice
Ad Choices
Cookie Preferences
Live chat
Chat available, press ALT plus 1 to open